adult
Are you all right?
Last action
The composition of patients affected by depressants
Drug gas entry
So my skills have never recovered
And my right eye
Something went wrong.
That's okay.
You continue to investigate the real culprit behind the scenes
I'm going to Binhai
What to do in Binhai
get married
wait
Hello grandpa
Knife, are you in the restaurant?
When it arrives, I will warn you not to lie to me.
If you dare to lie to me
See how I treat you
Oh, my own grandfather.
You've urged me over 18,000 times
How dare I not fulfill my engagement with the Sun family?
That's more like it.
Anyway.
Get married immediately
One year later.
I have to report my great-grandpa
You are too anxious, right?
Hello
Hey signal hey hey hey
Xiaodong followed me to this set again
I know you can hear me.
It's also that your signal is not good, right?
Hey hey this brat
I haven't seen this old man yet
Take revenge.
What if my grandson is ugly?
He forced me to marry him
Who do you call ugly?